[Autogenerated] Let us now see how we can run Java code lettuce.
Add content to this main method.
A.
We are going to use this very Andy template to
generate a system out the printer n and,
of course, printer in the famous message in the world.
How can we run this coder?
Well, we have various ways to do it.
First, we can just click on the main method here.
Select the pop up menu from this main method.
A look for the run as optional and select Runas
Java application that is Do that.
It will display a message in the council view at the bottom of
this perspective with the L A World message.
I could have ridged this option also with the pop up menu from the
class in a package Explorer ruin as a job application.
The run on server option would not work for this class.
We will see these option er in another module of these girls.
We have, of course,
the same result and I could also have chosen a this button from the toolbar
runner ran Isa Java application here for the exact same result.
Since they set a world class has already been run.
I can also directly select it from the favorite part of this menu.
A little world here.
And in fact, if I just click this button directly,
it will select the first option off the menu,
which is the real world option.
Now, suppose that this main method has not been written correctly.
For instance,
suppose I am a C developer and then see the main method returns and ent,
which is not the case in Java.
Well, here I have a direct error message.
If I say that the main method should reach on an end,
then the compiler will get me in there.
Oh, which is this method must return a result of type it.
So this error would priven this coda from being run from the compiler level.
But suppose I forget to put here for instant the square brackets and this may
3rd that takes a ________ instead off an array of string.
Now I cannot run it anymore from the rent as menu.
This option a range of application does not appear anymore and
it's the same also here I cannot run this hello world
application If I try to run it from here,
I will get this message telling me that there is no main method in this class.
This can be a very confusing error because I have a
feeling that there is a main method in it.
But in fact,
since it does not follow the requirement off the main method of the
javelin wager it is not recognized as such by Cripps and a cliffs will
not be able to launch it as I would like to do.
So let us put back the square brackets, run the method again.
And now, of course, it works perfectly well.
On the same goes if I forget.
For instance, the static keyword here This time this method is called main,
but it is not the normal main method of a job application.
And I do not have the runners Java application
option available in the menu anymore.
So if you're trying to run something and that it does not work,
check and double check the way you've written your main method.
The aero is probably coming from here. So let us put back this static keyword here